# Stackbuilders Exercise

## Description

Simple NestJS web app that scrapes the 30 front-page posts on https://news.ycombinator.com/ and displays them in a table. You can apply the following filters:

- Filter entries with more than five words in the title, ordered by the number of comments.
- Filter entries with less than or equal to five words in the title, ordered by points.

Posts are cached (by default for 1 minute, can be configured with the `CACHE_TTL` environment variable) so that subsequent requests are faster and do not scrape the ycombinator news site again until the cache expires.

## Request Flow

The application only has one endpoint, the root. (/). It only accepts `GET` requests and has an optional query parameter `filter` that can have the value of `less` or `more`.

I have configured a [`middleware`](./src/middleware/request-id.middleware.ts) to add a an id (of type `UUID`) to the request object (for tracing purposes) before reaching the controllers. I also have added an [`interceptor`](./src/interceptor/tracing.interceptor.ts) that will log the HTTP status code of the response as well as the time it took to process the request.

The [`AppController`](./src/app.controller.ts) is where the requests are actually handled, we record the request in the database, check to see if we have cached posts and use them or if no posts are cached then we call the [`WebCrawlerService`](./src/webcrawler.service.ts) to scrape the neccesary information. Then the [`PostService`](./src/post.service.ts) applies the filter (if it was passed as a query param) and we render out a page with the resulting list of posts.

The requests are persisted in the [`requests`](./src/models/request.ts) table. I store the following:

- request id (the same one generated by the middleware so logs from a specific request can be traced)
- timestamp of the request
- filter used (`less`, `more` or `none`)

## Compile and run the project

### Docker

```bash
# runs app in production mode
$ docker-compose up -d
```

After running this command the app should be accesible on http://localhost:3000 and a pgAdmin instance on http://localhost:3100 if you want to look at persisted data.

The pgAdmin instance may take a bit longer to initialize, check the container logs if it doesn't respond.

pgAdmin credentials:

- email: admin@admin.com
- password: admin

The database should already be accesible under the general `Servers` group.

To view table data navigate to `Servers > Databases > sb-ex-db > Schemas > public > Tables > requests`

### Manually

You will need a postgres instance running and to create a `.env` file. You can use the `.env.example` as a base.

```bash
$ npm install
```

then

```bash
# development
$ npm run start

# watch mode
$ npm run start:dev

# production mode
$ npm run start:prod
```

## Run tests

```bash
# unit tests
$ npm run test

# test coverage
$ npm run test:cov

# e2e tests
# for these tests you will need to have a postgres instance running and internet access
# since it actually does the web scraping and writes to the DB
$ npm run test:e2e
```
